Adding blog post and contributor updates (#95)
pharmaR/pharmaR.github.io: content/contribute.md

- which will be used to gather feedback from more senior leaders to ensure that
we're heading in direction that is serving the industry's needs.

If you're interested or have a senior leader in your organization in mind,
please put us in contact by emailing our 
[mailing list owner](RConsortium-Validation-Hub+owner@lists.r-consortium.org).

## Contribute to a Working Group

If you are willing and able to commit more time to the R Validation Hub's
mission, then there are several options depending on your skills and interests.
If you do not feel you have the necessary technical skills to contribute then
please don't let that stop you getting in touch and sharing ideas to support the
implementation of a risk-based R package assessment.

In each case you can get involed either by contacting the stream leads via the
relevant GitHub page, or by sending a message to us via the contact form on our
[Contact Us](/contact/) page.

### Communications Workstream

We're proud to formalize a lot of our event organizing under the new
communications workstream, which will focus on a more streamlined and consistent
approach to knowledge sharing and our various mediums of communications. We're

> looking for two new contributors, preferrably with an enthusiasm for social

Author: Good call - this is out of date. I think we have good coverage in this group for now.

> looking for two new contributors, preferrably with an enthusiasm for social

Author: Removed this, as well as the Leadership Sponsors role, which has been supplanted by quarterly meetings with the R Consortium Pharma Oversight Committee

and we'll put you in contact with the team.

### The [{riskmetric}](https://github.com/pharmaR/riskmetric) R Package

The {riskmetric} package collects metrics that support the idea of a risk-based
evaluation of R packages. The package collects and summarises various metrics
and provides the means to quantify the risk of a package via a weighted risk
score. It also serves as the backbone to the Risk Assessment shiny application.
For more information see the [package site](https://pharmar.github.io/
riskmetric/) or [GitHub page](https://github.com/pharmaR/riskmetric).

**Current Focus**

The {riskmetric} team are currently looking to build features to support
the idea of package cohorts. We are also looking to refine some of the meta-
information collected by riskmetric to better-serve the risk assessment
application. The team also have a [backlog of other open issues](https://
github.com/pharmaR/riskmetric/issues), including additional metrics that they
would like to explore.

**Key Skills Required**

A fundamental understanding of R packages is essential for anyone looking to
support the {riskmetric} team. Package development experience is also highly
beneficial.

> ### The [Risk Assessment Application](https://github.com/pharmaR/risk_assessment)

Reviewer: we changed our repo name to `riskassessment` a couple months ago to align with the naming convention set by `riskmetric`, so any instance pointing to the old `risk_assessment` repo or spelling, should be removed it possible.
```suggestion
### The [Risk Assessment Application](https://github.com/pharmaR/riskassessment)
```

The risk assessment shiny app is an extension of the {riskmetric} R package and
provides a graphical interface to the {riskmetric} functionality.  It provides
further exploratory capabilities in addition to the numeric metrics and improves

> ease-of-use for non-technical users. For more information see the [package

Reviewer: I just wanted to generalize this a little bit and mention how it's a great org level tool.
```suggestion
ease-of-use for organizations to adopt a risk-based approach to R package validation. For more information see the [package
```
